[CUMULUS-2510] Publish SNS messages for collections (#2432)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

      - `@cumulus/es-client/indexer.upsertExecution` to upsert an execution
      - `@cumulus/es-client/indexer.upsertPdr` to upsert a PDR
      - `@cumulus/es-client/indexer.upsertGranule` to upsert a granule
  - **CUMULUS-2510**

>     - Added `collection_sns_topic_arn` environment variable to
>       `api.tf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added `collection_sns_topic_arn` environment variable to
      `PrivateApiLambda` and `ApiEndpoints` lambdas
```

The more important thing to note is what user facing things were changed, not what files were edited necessarily

  - **CUMULUS-2634**
    - Changed `sfEventSqsToDbRecords` Lambda to use new upsert helpers for executions, granules, and PDRs
    to ensure out-of-order writes are handled correctly when writing to Elasticsearch
  - **CUMULUS-2510**
    - Removed `stream_enabled` and `stream_view_type` from `collections_table`
      TF definition.
    - Removed `aws_lambda_event_source_mapping` TF definition on collections

>       DynamoDB table.

Reviewer: We usually create another `### Removed` header to list the deletions. You also deleted the `publishCollections` Lambda itself

Author: [`754f871` (#2432)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2432/commits/754f871e6b2a2231b24c1dc75a24f09bf623fabd)

    - Updated `@cumulus/api/endpoints/collections` to publish an SNS message
      after a successful collection delete, update (PUT), create (POST).
    - Updated functions `create` and `upsert` in the `db` model for Collections

>       to return an array of objects containing values of the created or updated
>       columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to return an array of objects containing all columns for the created or updated records
```

I believe `returning` returns whatever columns you specify whether they were changed or not:

https://knexjs.org/#Builder-returning

So `*` would always return all columns

Author: Ah, I think that was what I was trying to articulate but your suggestion is much better [`754f871` (#2432)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2432/commits/754f871e6b2a2231b24c1dc75a24f09bf623fabd)
